[Music]
it's a great start from josh it's like
james bond
well if james bonded always stunts in a
rubber ring
josh swim a bit quicker man swim all hi
he's built for looks not purpose this
lad come on josh
what's the blue flashing light it's all
about is this the fashion police
oh he's you go bossing it oh i like what
you're doing bud i like what you did
[Music]
look at that back in the days when
crowds were crowds
years on the catwalk helping him out
here
oh that was close he's hanging on for
dear life the model
one big swing now
this looks like a good time coming to
the end now josh one last leaf he
presses the buzzer
oh my word he's done it in one minute
40.
all right josh don't break it not with
your bum man
the other two have to touch that the
vet's touch worse
josh proving he's not just a pretty face
he's a man
of blue steel
this lad's the real deal
ian this one's for you ian's thinking
does that mean the 10 grand too
come on julian you can win this mate
just no
[Music]
mistakes
he's in the water come on julian move
them arms faster man faster
the time to beat one minute 40 as
julian's time starts ticking away
remember he's got 10 seconds to get up
before the tidal wave strikes
yes he's up the slide
balance poise doing the business
come on julian don't hang around son
you've got to get involved you've only
got one minute 40 to play with
he's doing it oh no that is one wet vets
oh julian that could be it josh would be
thinking about
what male grooming products he can spend
10 grand on
come on julian
clinging on that rope like a bull's tail
this is going down to the wire he's
there he's done it fred he's done it
oh
[Applause]
it's like dropping a catch in the world
cup finally cricket
what a disaster oh he must be knackered
well done just wasn't your day
this ian i feel sorry for
[Music]
you